Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
Hey.
♪ Ever since you've left me
I've done nothing but wrong ♪
♪ Many nights I've laid awake
and cried ♪
♪ We once were happy ♪
♪ My heart was in a whirl ♪
♪ But now
I'm a honky tonk girl ♪
♪ So turn that jukebox
way up high ♪
♪ And fill my glass up
while I cry ♪
$8.99.
♪ I've lost everything
in this world ♪
-There you go.
-♪ Now I'm a honky tonk girl ♪
I'm sorry. can I trade you
a five and five ones
for that ten back?
No. No. there should
be ten ones in there.
No. I'm telling you.
I got nine ones and a ten.
How about I just give you
one more and we'll call it 20?
How about I give you
one more buck for a 20?
Oh. my mistake.
I'll just give you another one
and we'll call it 20.
Nine. ten. makes nine. ten
plus one more. and that's 20.
Now boarding for
Charleston. South Carolina.
Now boarding.
♪ And now
I'm a honky tonk girl ♪
-Howdy. partner.
-How are ya?
Let me...
Let me get a bag of nuts.
Bag of nuts. yes. sir.
Filling up?
No.
Ain't another station
for 50 miles. sir.
It's alright.
I'm staying in town.
-Oh. You got family here?
-No.
You work
for the oil company. huh?
-No. sir.
-Ain't got family here
and ain't with the oil company.
but you're staying in town.
Ooh. all right. Well. $69 then.
Okay. I have a ten...
Okay. six.
And then 31. here you go.
-Great.
-All right.
Actually. you know what?
I need the larger bill.
-The ten. I need the ten.
-Sorry?
That ten. Would it be all right
if I traded you all this back
plus an extra one for that ten?
Well...
All right. so...
-All right. here you go.
-Great. Thank you.
-That's yours.
-All right.
Whoa. Wait. hold on. hoss.
You gave me the ten back.
No. no. no. No. I gave you...
I gave you one.
No. no. you gave me
too much. I got 19 here.
-Thank you.
-Yeah.
Thank you for
telling me. I appreciate that.
Look. how about we do this?
Why don't I just
give you one more
and then we just make this 20?
-One more?
-One more.
Nine. ten. 19.
I give you one more. 20.
Mm. all right.
-Great.
-Okay.
-Good?
-Yeah. All right.
And 20.
-Thank you so much.
-Yeah. anytime.
See you when I'm ready
to fill up. huh?
Yeah. I'll be waiting on you.
Is that right?
God damn it. Charlie.
Excuse me. sir?
Yeah. I saw
what you did in there.
You got a 20 for a ten
and ten ones.
but half of that money
belonged to the store.
That's right.
Well. you walked out this store
with money that ain't yours.
What's your name?
Excuse me?
Your name?
Caroline.
Is it Caroline Daniels?
You're clever. Caroline Daniels.
Hey. how did you know my name?
♪ Well I ain't your last.
you ain't my first ♪
♪ You can't decide
which fact is worst ♪
♪ Why don't you get your ass
outside and dig a hole? ♪
Why don't I give you
another buck
and we call it a 20?
What do you say?
Sure. Fine.
♪ Dear Lord ♪
♪ You're never. ever home
and when... ♪
Hey. Caroline.
-Whiskey.
-Double?
Yeah.
♪ When I think about the end
And. boy ♪
-♪ I think about it often ♪
-Thank you.
♪ I can't decide
which one of us will be ♪
♪ The nail in this here coffin ♪
How did you know my name today?
♪ Dreams of you ♪
Next to the register
at the filling station...
there's a list
of employee tasks.
Mop the floors.
clean the bathroom.
-Stock the shelves.
I see Daniels is written
next to all of 'em.
You... You like
that kinda work? Do you?
Mopping floors.
cleaning bathrooms?
How 'bout this? If you could
do anything. what would you do?
What. like my dream?
♪ You don't love me ♪
Sure.
I don't know. travel. I guess.
Okay. travel. Travel where?
South Carolina.
South Carolina. That's a dream?
-Don't make fun.
-I'm making fun of you.
I'm just wondering what
you're still doing here.
Well. what about you?
-What about me?
-You got a name?
Oliver.
And what are you doing here?
-Passing through.
-Passing through?
Passing through is filling
up and buying lunch.
-This ain't passing through.
-I like small towns.
You like small towns.
What do you like
about small towns?
The people you meet.
I grew up in California.
Orange County. people out there
are made out of fucking drywall.
So you left?
And what do you do now?
Travel.
♪ Instead of having
sweet dreams ♪
You wanna go somewhere
with me right now?
♪ About you ♪
Up here.
-Here?
-Yeah.
♪ Shake it loose
and let it fall ♪
♪ Laying soft
against your skin ♪
♪ Like the shadows on the wall ♪
♪ Come and lay down by my side ♪
♪ 'Til the early morning light ♪
♪ All I'm taking is your time ♪
♪ Help me make it
through the night ♪
♪ I don't care
what's right or wrong ♪
♪ And I won't try
to understand ♪
♪ Let the devil take tomorrow ♪
Shit!
You scared the shit outta me.
Come in here.
-I thought you died.
-I didn't. Come in.
Tell me something about you.
-Something about me?
-Yeah.
What do you wanna know?
What do you do?
-What I do?
-Yeah.
Well. I...
You know what I do.
What do you do
if you get caught?
-I don't get caught.
-I caught you.
Maybe I wanted you to catch me.
Why?
Something about you.
Just passing through. Huh?
You know. you never
answered my question.
What are you still doing here?
Why haven't you
gone to South Carolina?
Same reason anyone doesn't
leave what's no good for 'em.
It's what they know.
I had this job once
at a body shop.
The kind of place where
missing cars come through.
They get stripped down
for parts. You know?
I hated it.
I hated my boss. I hated
the guys I worked with.
I hated how trapped
it made me feel.
And then one day
I was sitting outside
on my break in the alley...
and I look up.
And I see these birds perched
on the telephone wire.
I think to myself.
"These birds can fly
anywhere in the world."
"So why do they always seem
to stay in the same place?"
And then I asked myself
that same question.
That really happen?
No.
I read it
on a greeting card once.
But I did think about it a lot.
You can go on like
500 dates with me.
Uh-huh.
Caroline?
-Morning. Daddy.
-Hi.
TV was playing goddam
soccer all night.
I went to wake you to ask
what country we're living in.
But you weren't home.
Yeah. I was out.
Yeah? With who?
-A friend.
-Oh yeah? That's something.
Friend have a name?
Oliver.
Oliver. Well. it's good to
have you back home.
I thought you'd run off
to Ecuador.
-Hmm?
-Come on. You remember Ecuador.
Come on. When you were little.
You remember?
I went down to Beaumont.
The train. Barge rigging.
You were staying at Walt
and Jennie's. right?
-Right.
-And you were afraid
I wasn't gonna come back.
You made me call three
times a day. it's true.
And when I missed that one time.
you hollered at me.
Yeah. I remember that.
-Yeah. You remember that.
-Yeah.
And I said. "Sweetheart.
the day I stop calling
is the day I moved to Ecuador."
And then that became our game.
A little thing every time
you misbehaved.
I'd say. "All right. that's it.
I'm moving to Ecuador."
You remember that.
-Mm-hmm.
-Oh. yeah.
I feel like an old person
repeating stories.
You ever actually wanna
move to Ecuador?
Well. a couple times.
When you were a teen.
No. I mean. you ever
just wanna. you know.
pack up and go see the world?
Nah. No. the world's
kicked me around enough.
I'm fine right here.
Why do you ask?
♪ There ain't a lot that
you can do in this town ♪
♪ You drive down to the lake
and then you turn back around ♪
-♪ Someday... ♪
-Oh. I like this song.
-You like this song?
-Yeah.
♪ I know there's a better way ♪
-I like this song.
-♪ I wonder ♪
-♪ What's over that rainbow ♪
-Bull.
♪ As I sit here tonight ♪
♪ A jukebox playing ♪
You ever feel bad doing
what you do?
Sometimes.
Yeah. Like what I did at your
filling station the other day.
Something like that.
But. um...
I don't know. like the big ones.
the real ones. no.
Why not?
Because...
♪ It wasn't God who made... ♪
All right. let's say you
go to the grocery store.
Go to a chain grocery store.
and you steal a pack of gum.
Who are you actually
stealing from? The employees?
'Cause they get paid hourly.
Manager? He's on a salary.
The CEO of the conglomerate
that owns the corporation.
that owns the grocery store?
No. you're stealing
from shareholders.
You're stealing a fraction
of a fraction of a penny
from the richest people
in the world
who pay a lower tax rate
on that income
that you do working two jobs.
Doesn't make it right.
No. it doesn't make it right.
But that's not what
you asked me.
You asked me if I feel bad.
I don't.
I mean. look around.
Guys in this bar.
they pull oil out of the ground
every single day.
Billions of dollars passing
through their fingers.
So why can't I tell
by looking at them?
Because it's a con.
All of it. Fuckin' everything.
I don't do it out of greed.
I don't do it out of anger.
I just see the angle.
♪ As you said in the words
of your song ♪
What?
Nothin'.
♪ Too many times married men
think they're still single ♪
Just thinking about seeing
the angle.
♪ That has caused
many a good girl to go wrong ♪
Wondering if that's all
something I could ever do.
-I'll be right back.
-Mm-hmm.
♪ A heart on the run
keeps a hand on the gun ♪
I like this song.
-♪ You can't trust anyone ♪
-Bull.
♪ I was so sure
what I needed was more ♪
♪ Tried to shoot out the sun ♪
♪ Days when we raged.
we flew off the page ♪
♪ Such damage was done ♪
♪ But I made it through ♪
♪ 'Cause somebody knew
I was meant for someone ♪
♪ So. girl. leave your boots
by the bed ♪
♪ We ain't leaving this room ♪
♪ Til someone needs medical help
or the magnolias bloom ♪
♪ It's cold in this house ♪
♪ And I ain't going out
to chop wood ♪
♪ So cover me up
and know you're enough ♪
♪ To use me for good ♪
♪ And the old lovers sing
"I thought it'd be me..." ♪
What are you thinking about?
South Carolina.
It's... It's where my mom lives.
How old were you when she left?
Little. Less than a year.
Hmm.
You know. after spending time
with you a little...
Small town. it feels like
everybody knows who you are
and nobody actually knows you.
I don't... I don't get
too close to people.
Is that why?
Because she left?
Are you afraid of getting hurt?
It's not...
It's not just that. It's...
It's being
afraid. too. that. uh...
What if I'm the one that does
the hurtin'?
What if... What if whatever
it was inside her
that let her leave me.
what if I got that too?
♪ Til someone needs medical help
or the magnolias bloom ♪
You don't.
How do you know?
I just know.
So that's why you wanna
go to South Carolina. huh?
You wanna find out
if you like her.
Well. here. Little
something to help you out.
Oh. Daddy. you didn't have
to do that. I got money.
-No. it's nothing. Come on.
-Thank you. Daddy.
All right.
you be good. huh?
All right. buddy.
-Remember what I told you.
-Yes. sir.
All right. Go on.
Thank you.
What's that?
Sixty dollars.
Eh. That'd get us going.
You ready?
Yeah. Teach me how to con.
Seven. eight. nine. 19.
And then you say. "Why not
just give you one more dollar
and you just gimme a 20?"
All right. How about
if you... Oh. damn it!
Oh. I'm sorry. You know what?
How about I'll give you one
more and we'll call it 20?
I'm sorry. how about I give you
one more and we'll call it 50?
Oh. you know what? How about
I just give you one more
and we'll call it 100?
Uh...
Sure. Yeah.
Every confidence
game runs on the same premise.
Exploit the flaws
in a given system.
Security at a department
store is a system.
It can detect alarm tags
crossing an anti-theft gate.
-Excuse me. sir.
-But it has no way
of differentiating between two
tags crossing at the same time.
Human behavior's
a system too.
Do you believe in free will?
Yeah.
Why?
I...
I mean. we're just the genes
we're born with
and the experiences that
we've lived through.
We're like rocks tumbling
down the mountain. baby.
We got no control over
what course we take.
We only think we do.
I don't buy it.
Why?
'Cause I make decisions
all the time.
Like what?
I just decided to do that.
Sorry.
No. you were prompted
to do that.
In the context
of this conversation.
everything you do is prompted.
It's a series of neurons
firing off in your brain.
causing reactions.
triggering responses.
It's a system.
and if you know that.
if you know which prompts
trigger which reactions.
then you can exploit
that system like any other.
Thank you.
We'll get the check. Thanks.
What?
How? How do you exploit
a series of firing neurons?
Well...
What?
-What is that?
-Is there something on my...
Yeah. you got...
-Did I get it?
-No. it's...
It looks like drool
or something. Come here.
Now imagine I told
the mark that they had drool
on their face. hmm?
I know because I told her that.
her heart rate would increase.
and blood would flush
through her cheeks.
I know that cortisone
would be released
because I just embarrassed her.
and I know that her mind would
be sending signals to her body.
telling it that it needed
to focus on the source
of that embarrassment.
And because I know all that...
I know that she isn't
paying attention to the fact...
that I just stole her bracelet.
Come on.
Okay. go through all that again.
Nope.
You gotta anticipate my stride.
I felt that. Let's go.
Do it again.
♪ How about some wings so the ♪
♪ Birds won't have
to walk to get around ♪
♪ And how about
a bird bath or two ♪
♪ So the birds
will all be clean ♪
-Excuse me.
-Nope.
You're looking at the pocket.
♪ And how about
some feathers so their ♪
♪ Underwear no longer
can be seen ♪
God damn. you can't just say
good job?
It's not a good job though.
You can't bump into somebody's
just staring at 'em.
♪ Chirp chirp ♪
You're close. You're close.
♪ And how about some
common sense so they ♪
♪ Won't be blocking
traffic in the spring ♪
That's better.
♪ Whispering everywhere ♪
♪ When you see them
walking Southward ♪
♪ In their dirty underwear ♪
-♪ That's Tennessee Bird walk ♪
-♪ Chirp chirp ♪
♪ That's Tennessee Bird walk ♪
-♪ That's Tennessee Bird walk ♪
-♪ Chirp chirp ♪
Dad left
when I was... ten?
You don't
know how old you were?
I was like
nine and a half.
I don't know why I always
give the fucker
an extra six months.
'Cause ten sounds better
than nine.
And even though he left.
you're still defending him.
-Maybe.
-You ever see him again?
No. No. he moved to. um. Oregon.
I never felt the need
to go track him down.
How come?
Well. probably 'cause I got
the same thing that you got.
I got the fear that I'm gonna
end up like
the parent that left.
The only difference
between me and you is that
I don't wanna find out.
Okay. All right.
I did find a letter
from him once.
I was like 12 years old
and I found it in the trash.
It's kind of a sad story.
-Okay.
-Maybe.
-All right.
-Maybe not.
Okay.
It said that he might
come up that weekend
and pick me up
and take me camping.
-You found it in the trash can?
-Yeah. My mom threw it out.
She knew he didn't follow
through on shit like that.
She didn't want me
to feel bad. so...
That is a sad story.
I learned something.
So who cares?
What'd you learn if you already
knew you couldn't trust him?
No. not him. Fuck him.
No. fucking her.
I'm talking about her.
I learned that I also
couldn't trust my mom either.
I dunno. everybody lies.
Especially to themselves.
There's no lie more convincing
than the one
that we tell ourselves.
And if you know how
somebody lies to themselves.
then that's power.
You can predict them
in ways that...
they don't even understand.
And you like that?
You like power?
I like control.
You wanna make a bet with me?
Do I wanna make a bet with you?
Yeah.
I'll do anything with you.
-I'll make a bet with you.
-Okay. Uh. excuse me?
-You got pint glasses?
-Yep.
Of course you do.
Could I get three pints of PBR
and three shots of whiskey.
please?
-What the fuck are we doing?
-You'll see.
Perfect. You can put
that on my tab. Okay.
What is this?
All right. so I bet
you I finish three beers
before you finish three shots.
-You bet you're gonna finish...
-Three beers.
Before I finish three shots
of whiskey?
That's right. Mm-hmm.
How much you wanna bet?
-Ten bucks.
-Ten. Fuck.
-All right.
-Mm-hmm. Okay. you ready?
-Mm-hmm.
-Oh. one thing first.
We can't. you know. touch
each other's glasses.
'cause I don't want you
running off with my beer.
-Yeah.
-Okay. go.
Mm.
Baby. I don't understand this.
How do you possibly
think you're gonna beat me?
Like this. Yeah.
Ah-ah! You can't touch my glass.
remember?
You feel in control now. huh?
-Mm.
-Huh?
-Hmm?
You think you're smart?
-I know I am.
-You know you're smart?
-Yeah.
-You think you're smart?
What makes you think
you're so smart?
-Mm.
-Hmm?
Because...
I got an idea.
Attention passengers.
boarding call for train 1509.
♪ Got a two-ton hammer ♪
♪ Got beat by the pound ♪
♪ I'm a hard workin'
driver man ♪
♪ Six foot solid
from the ground ♪
♪ When I was a schoolboy ♪
Oh my goodness. Oh my goodness.
-I'm so sorry.
-I'm fine.
-Are you all right?
-Yes.
-You sure you're all right?
You're sweet. Have a safe trip.
Thank you.
♪ I'm just a hard-workin'
driver man ♪
Attention passengers.
this is the final boarding call.
-Excuse me. Mr. Henry?
-Hmm?
Are you William Henry?
-Is this yours by chance?
-Yes. How did you...
I found it back at the platform.
I took your ID out to
see if I could find you.
-Gosh. darn it.
-Is there money taken?
Yes. And my bank card.
I found it like that.
I promise you.
No. no. no. Of course.
I must have dropped it somehow
and someone took the cash
before you found it.
Yeah. I'm sorry.
It's okay. Thank you
for bringing it back to me.
Yeah. of course. Of course.
Mr. Henry. if you don't mind
me asking. who do you bank with?
Southern Pioneer. Why?
I don't want
to alarm you. but...
you know. I'm in banking.
I'm over at Cardoff.
but I happen to know that
Southern Pioneer
has recently been the target
of a lot of pickpockets
-and identity thieves.
-Oh. no.
There's apparently a
flaw with the bank card.
something to do
with the computers.
Now I know you said
you dropped it.
but if you think there's even
a chance that
you've been targeted.
I bumped into someone.
a young woman.
She bumped
right into me.
Yeah. I would call
as soon as you can.
I got a friend over there.
He told me that a thief that
knows what they're doing.
they can empty an account
in three hours.
-Oh. God.
-That's about as long
as it's gonna take you
to get the fraud department
on the phone.
Actually. you know what?
Okay. great.
Yeah. I'll tell him.
Thank you. Scott.
Yeah. we'll hold.
Okay. they're gonna
connect you to a manager
-at the security division.
-Oh. that's such a relief.
Are you hungry?
-Oh.
-You don't have any cash.
Excuse me. Can we get a
club sandwich...
-No. really. I...
-What do you think? A drink?
-Little sneaky martini. huh?
-Yeah... Old fashioned.
Old fashioned. There we go.
Good man. Good man.
Now listen. I'm getting
off at the next stop.
I want you to take this.
No. no. I couldn't possibly...
Yes. please. please.
please take it.
All right? You're traveling.
You can't travel without cash.
Just next time. maybe consider
a Cardoff account.
I will. Thank you.
-Thank you so much.
-Is this Mr. Henry?
Yes. Yeah. yes it is.
Yes. Yes. hello.
Good afternoon. Mr. Henry.
I'm so sorry about
your experience today.
Before we get started. I'll
need to verify your identity.
Could you please confirm for me
your social security number
and mother's maiden name?
Seven. eight. 900.
and 10.000 dollars.
Is there anything else I can
help you with today. Mr. Henry?
Nope. That'll do it.
♪ When I was a schoolboy ♪
♪ Teachers said study hard
as you can ♪
♪ It didn't make no difference ♪
♪ I'm just a hard workin'
driver man ♪
-Oliver?
-Yeah?
God. I never felt
like this before.
I want it to keep going.
I wanna do more.
We can go
as far as you want.
-We can do a bigger challenge.
-Mm.
What about banks?
Okay. this is the car
we leave the bank in.
This is the car
we leave the city in.
People see us leave
the bank in this.
car goes out.
211 at this location.
Driving a black car. license
plate number. blah. blah. blah.
Two minutes later.
we're in here. You got it?
-Got it.
-You leave everything in here.
The only thing we bring with
us to the bank is an empty bag.
Everything else stays
in the second car. Yeah?
-Yeah.
-You nervous?
-No.
-You not nervous.
Are you?
All right. let's do it.
It's just like you imagined.
You're gonna walk in.
lift your gun in the air.
and you're gonna yell...
Everybody stay calm.
This is a robbery.
You keep your eye on the crowd.
You head straight towards
the counter.
the furthest teller first.
Sixty seconds. you're out.
You. move. move. move.
All right. I need you to fill
this up and pass it real quick.
You got two jobs. Crowd control.
Get down.
I said get down.
And cattle prodding.
Fill and pass. fill and pass.
Everybody put your hands
in the air. Fill and pass.
Yeah. you. get over there.
Go. go. go.
What are your two jobs?
-Don't.
-What are your two jobs?
Oliver. I can remember
two fuckin' things.
Hey. everything's gonna be okay.
Just you need to hurry it up
real quick.
I'm gonna be listening
on the police radio.
As soon as the call goes out.
I honk my horn. okay?
All units be advised.
Possible 211 in progress.
Holy shit.
-You good?
-Yeah.
-It's easy. right?
-Yeah. Uh-huh.
What'd you do wrong?
I didn't do anything wrong.
-I think you did.
-Well. you weren't there.
so you don't know what
you're talking about.
Where's the money?
Fuck.
We'll get it next time.
♪ Street lights
along the highway ♪
♪ Throwin' shadows in the dark ♪
♪ And the memories
keep on turnin' ♪
Thank you.
Everybody listen up!
This is a robbery.
Keep your hands
where I can see 'em.
Move it. move it. All right.
I want you to fill this
up and pass it real quick.
Fill and pass. fill and pass.
Come on. Open that drawer.
Hurry it up!
Hey. get on your knees!
Don't look at me!
All units be advised.
♪ Say the word
and I'll be there for you ♪
♪ Baby. I will be
your parachute ♪
♪ There's a song
that I remember ♪
♪ I never learned to play ♪
♪ And a lifetime
of forgotten words ♪
Everybody be real calm
and ain't no one getting hurt.
I'ma be out your hair
in no time.
Come on. move!
Fill and pass! Fill and pass.
There you go.
Hurry. hurry. quick! Quick. hey.
Come on. come on. come
on. quick. quick. quick!
There you go. There you go.
♪ Say the word
and I'll be there for you ♪
♪ Baby. I will be
your parachute ♪
-Yes.
-♪ Parachute ♪
You reached Hank
and Caroline.
Leave a message
at the beep. Now what?
Now you
push that button. Daddy.
Where? Here?
-Mm-hmm.
-Oh my... Hello?
Excuse me. ma'am. I'm
sorry to bother you.
I'm just canvassing the area.
asking folks if they've seen
this woman.
-She look familiar to you?
-Hello?
Is this the woman in
the news robbing banks?
-Caroline. Is that you?
-It is. ma'am.
We have reason to believe
she may be in the area.
Oh. Lord.
Is she dangerous?
We believe so. very much.
Hi. ma'am.
Everybody stay calm!
This is a robbery!
Fill and pass. fill and pass.
come on.
Come on. lady.
I ain't got all day.
-Daddy!
-I said don't fucking move!
It's okay.
I got you. honey.
I got you. honey. I got you.
Let's go. Cops are 30 seconds
behind us. we gotta go.
You gotta listen for the horn.
Car. you gotta listen
for the horn.
Fuck I got out. didn't I?
A traumatic experience today
for residents of Statesboro
after a robbery here around
11 o'clock this morning.
It happened inside the branch
of the Darrow Savings Bank
on Jackson Boulevard.
Authorities are tying
the incident
to an unidentified woman
who's been committing similar
crimes throughout the South.
Hurry up! Hey. I said don't...
Come on in.
Is that breakfast?
-Yeah.
-Don't forget the tip.
Oh yeah.
-Paper?
-What's that?
-Would you like a newspaper?
-Oh. yes. Sure.
There you go.
Thank you.
Wait.
What's up?
He saw the duffle bag
and the wig.
I didn't. I didn't see anything!
Hey. baby. do me a
favor. Go get that bag?
Shut the fuck up.
Jamie Becerra. hmm?
You go by Jamie or James?
Jaime.
Jaime?
Fuck. all right. Jaime.
-Fuck. fuck!
-Don't.
Please. I didn't do
anything. man!
Look at me. I want you to
watch what I'm doing. okay?
This is a thousand dollars.
I'm putting a thousand dollars
in your pocket.
Jaime Becerra.
DL number 186N325.
home address
1632 North Sheridan Lane.
apartment number three.
-Holy shit.
-Now I have all that
locked away up here.
And if I find out that
you told anybody about
what you saw in here.
I'm gonna come to your house.
Do you understand me?
I didn't do anything. man.
Please. please.
Stop. Don't do that.
Just say yes.
Yes. I understand.
Jaime. look at me.
-And say yes.
-Yes.
Yeah. I do understand.
Don't move.
Let's go. Pack up.
God damn it.
What the hell was that?
That was too far.
Baby. you almost said
my fucking name back there.
-That was too far.
-Look. I needed him scared.
All right. I didn't want
him to call security
before we hit the fucking lobby.
Okay. Can you pull over?
What's the matter?
You all right?
I'm gonna be sick.
Can you pull over?
It's just the adrenaline.
You'll be okay.
Here.
So we gotta memorize names.
spelling. addresses.
DL numbers. astrology signs.
all that shit.
Uh-huh.
What's up?
How do you know if we're good
people pretending to be bad...
or bad ones pretending
to be good?
I wanna go to South Carolina.
Okay.
♪ That river in the winter ♪
♪ It could fuck me up ♪
♪ Crack my ribs. bust my lip ♪
♪ It could do enough ♪
♪ Were you staying
in your own lane ♪
♪ Were you passing
on a steep grade ♪
♪ Ah ♪
♪ Out driving past Minam ♪
♪ When the moon came up ♪
♪ I could see her
I had a fever ♪
♪ Lit by the troubles of love ♪
♪ I was asking a question
What did she say? ♪
♪ She was answering one
from yesterday ♪
♪ Saying.
"Fortune favors the bold" ♪
♪ "And the far away from home" ♪
♪ Ah. ah ♪
Is this it?
Yeah.
Hey.
Do you want me to come?
No.
Just stay here.
Okay.
Uh. excuse me. sir?
Uh. you know
if a Deborah lives here?
Yeah. That's Deb's place.
You know where she is by chance?
Try the bar?
Yeah. No. uh...
Thank you. I will.
Okay.
♪ Johnny told his mama
"Hey. Mama. I'm goin' away" ♪
♪ "I'm gonna hit the big time
gonna be a big star someday" ♪
♪ Mama came to the door
with a teardrop in her eye ♪
♪ Johnny said. "Don't cry. Mama
Smile. and wave goodbye" ♪
No. no. what the hell
are you talking about?
What are you standing
out there for?
-Go on. get that door closed.
-I'm looking for Jackson.
- He's got my-
- Well close the damn door then.
you let the cool air out.
There's enough
hot air here with you.
Shut the fuck up and close
that door. Where's Ricky. huh?
-In the shitter.
-Oh.
Get off the can.
I need a drink.
Christ. where's my god damn...
You got a lighter. sweetheart?
I can never find mine in
this trunk I carry around.
Um...
Uh... Oh.
Hey. you're clever. ain't you?
See if you can reach
the register too.
Shit. Deb.
Fuckin' hollering at me.
Well. hell. why'd
you leave the bar open?
What?
I'm thirsty.
I could rob you blind.
Yeah. I bet you would.
Except where would I spend
the money? Right back here.
Mm-hmm. That right there.
that's the circle of life.
What you havin'. darling?
Oh. uh... Oh. you know.
that looks pretty good.
What are you drinking?
Me? Just vodka
and orange juice. sweetheart.
Nothing special.
Yeah. I'll take one of those.
Two actually. One for her.
Hmm. okay. Two screwdrivers
coming up.
Well. shit. I won't say no.
Imagine that?
You been in here before?
I know you.
No. I've never been in here.
You live in town?
Just passing through.
Just passing through. huh?
Where to?
-I don't know.
-No destination?
-This is my destination.
-Ooh!
This is your...
Oh. I like that.
-Well. look out.
-Thank you.
This is my destination too.
Hey. Damn dream come true.
Mm.
You live around here?
Yep. Born and fuckin' raised.
You never went anywhere else?
Mm. no. I did.
Moved around a bit.
Few spots in...
Oh. God.
Tennessee. Florida.
Upstate New York
for a little while.
You ever heard of Woodstock.
like the music concert?
Yeah. You go to that?
No. but I slept with
a guy who sold pot
to Jimi Hendrix.
-You believe that?
-Yeah. That'd be a hell no.
Yeah.
-Is that true?
-Uh. no. that's what he said.
Could've been some other
hippie with a guitar.
He couldn't tell the difference.
Mm.
-Hey. look at that.
-Presto change-o.
Mm. To you.
-What's your name?
-How 'bout Texas?
Huh?
You ever lived in Texas?
Oh yeah. Hmm. yeah.
I lived out there for a bit.
I ask 'cause. um...
'Cause that's where I'm from.
Huh.
Yeah. Yeah. I guess I
hear that in your voice.
Yep. I lived in Texas.
Guess that's why you left
without no place to go.
Texas is a good place
not to be!
You didn't like it there?
Um. no!
Mm.
-What made you leave Texas?
-Christ.
am I on a radio show?
Are you interviewing me?
Hell. I didn't like it.
I left. I didn't like
the people.
Do this. do that. be this.
don't be that.
Shit. how 'bout we all just
do whatever the fuck we want!
And then everyone's happy!
Seems pretty simple to me.
So that's what you did.
Just whatever you wanted?
Damn right. just like you said.
Just went move and a move.
Just like exactly you said.
How 'bout kids?
You got kids. Deborah?
I told you I'd get you
your money. Hey. Ricky!
Look. two domestic beers.
por favor.
-Comin' right up.
-Hey Deb.
we're gonna play some pool.
you want in?
-Not now.
-Come on. You and your friend.
What's your name. honey?
I don't buy it.
-Get outta here. John.
-Come on.
I just wanna show her how to
hold my stick. that's all.
We don't wanna play
fucking pool. Johnny!
-I said get out.
-Jesus Christ.
she's mean tonight!
What'd you come here for. huh?
What. you wanna
know who your mother is?
Wanna know why she left you?
Looking for some...
Just some fucking meaning?
'Cause you won't get any!
Answer to the question
you asked me is no.
I knew it from the moment
I found out I was pregnant.
I knew with as much certainty
as anyone can know anything.
That I was not your mother.
So whatever questions you
came here wanting answers to.
you're gonna have to learn
to live without.
Guess this wasn't
your destination after all!
Hey. where you going?
Come on. I'll braid your hair
and make you cookies if
you buy me another drink.
Where you going. Caroline?
Just let's go.
Let's go.
♪ Last night I dreamed that ♪
♪ I was a child ♪
♪ Out where the pines grow ♪
♪ Wild and tall ♪
♪ I was trying ♪
♪ To make it home
through the forest ♪
♪ Before the darkness falls ♪
As of right now.
law enforcement officials say
they have opened
investigations at three banks.
And one investigator
I spoke with
said they are still
combing through leads.
but as of now.
no arrests have been made.
It's awful. terrorizing
the community this way.
I hope she does the right thing.
Turns herself in.
What would you say if
you saw the robber in your bank?
What would I say?
Look. I'll say.
what's your name. girl?
Will you marry me?
♪ I awoke and I imagined ♪
♪ The hard things
that pulled us apart ♪
♪ That will never again. sir ♪
♪ Tear us from
each other's hearts ♪
♪ I got dressed and to ♪
♪ That house I did ride ♪
♪ From out on the road ♪
-♪ I could see its windows... ♪
-Pull over here?
Hello?
-Hi. Daddy.
-Car. you all right?
Yeah.
I'm in South Carolina.
I met my mama.
Is that so?
You were right.
I'm a lot like her.
I never said that.
Caroline.
I said you reminded me
of her sometimes.
Do you think I am?
Like her. I mean?
I don't know.
What have you been doing. Car?
Caroline?
How much do we need to leave
the country and never come back?
♪ Stands like a beacon ♪
Two hundred grand. Maybe three.
But we'd have to do
bigger banks.
Is that what you want?
Yeah. Fuck it.
Let's rob the whole world.
-You all right?
-I'm fine.
-You sure?
Okay.
Move it! Move it. come on!
- Fill and pass. fill and pass-
- officer: Police. drop the gun!
Drop it now.
On the fucking ground.
Do it now!
Hands out!
Show me your hands!
All the way on
the fucking ground.
And don't you fucking move.
Let's go. Let's go. come on.
You gotta get up.
All units. 1064.
Georgia Allied Bank and Trust.
Suspects headed northbound
in a brown sedan.
-One male. one female.
-Fuck.
Take that.
What the fuck is going on?
-Whoa. What are you doing?
-Come here.
-I didn't do anything.
-Get the fuck over.
-I didn't do any... Christ.
-Listen to me.
You're gonna take that car.
You're gonna take the car.
You'll drive to Main Street.
Do you fucking understand me?
Get in the car. Get in the car.
Drive to Main Street.
-Drive. motherfucker.
-I'm going.
-Drive. motherfucker!
-Don't shoot!
Babe!
Take this. Listen to me.
They're looking for two people.
I need you to get in the trunk.
Okay.
Okay. okay. watch your head.
Come here.
-Okay. Okay.
-Oliver?
I know. I'm sorry.
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
Fuck 'em.
It's okay.
God.
Shit.
Okay. okay. okay.
Okay. Hey. it's over.
-Okay.
-It's over.
-We're okay.
-Yeah?
No. no. Oliver. Oliver. no.
No. we gotta go.
Let's just go. Let's just go.
Hey. hey. we can't go.
We're almost outta gas.
We're fine. we pulled over.
because you weren't
feeling good. okay?
-Okay.
-We're fine.
Mm-hmm.
Howdy. folks. Everything okay?
Hey. officer? Yeah. yeah.
I think so.
What's going on?
Um. well. were driving.
My girlfriend started to
get sick. so we pulled over.
Oh. does she need an
ambulance? You okay?
I'm pregnant.
-Yeah.
-I got it. Okay.
Miss. I know you're
not feeling well.
but do you mind standing up
and coming over here a second?
Mm-hmm.
Come on. baby.
Thank y'all. Do you guys
happen to have your IDs on you?
Yeah. of course.
Is there a problem?
Oh. nothing wrong at all.
Just standard procedure.
Wanna know who I'm talking with.
Sure.
Beautiful. well. Ms. Clark
and Mr. Vance. gimme one second.
-I'll be right back.
-Of course.
It's okay.
Hoo.
763 dispatch.
I need a license and wants
and warrants check. two POIs.
It's okay. hey.
-Look at me.
-Mm-hmm.
We have clean IDs. okay?
-Okay.
-Okay?
-We're okay.
0792. birth date.
nine. six of '70.
-It's all right.
-Copy that.
Second POI. Last name. Vance.
Victor. Alpha. Nancy.
Charlie. Echo.
First name. Ryan.
It's okay.
-We're okay.
-Okay.
Copy that. Thank you so much.
Hey. folks.
I am so sorry about that.
We got a couple at large
that match your description.
-Really?
-Yessir. Mr. Vance. Ms. Clark.
-Thank you.
Oh. you know what?
I remember my wife was pregnant.
She got sick day and night.
so I have no idea why they
call it morning sickness.
It doesn't make any sense.
We were actually
just talking about that.
All right. look.
you feel better.
And. you guys. congratulations.
Appreciate it.
Thank you very much.
-Thank you.
-Quick question.
You wouldn't happen to have your
registration on you. would you?
Oh. yeah. No.
it's in the glove box.
You mind if I take a quick look?
-Go for it.
-Perfect.
You guys stay right here.
What happened here?
What the fuck did you do?
Why would you do that?
Oliver. what the fuck
did you do?
-Why would you fucking do that?
-Hey. hey. hey.
Listen to me.
Listen to me. Listen to me.
We have to go. We have to go.
Do you understand?
We have to go now.
Fuck!
Hey. Caroline?
How much money you got on you?
Fuck.
Hey. hey.
How much money you got?
Um...
Twelve dollars.
The rest is the other car.
Okay.
Hello. Caroline.
Who is this?
My name is Waylon Jarvis.
I'm a task force agent
working with the...
Caroline. don't hang up.
We know all about
you and Oliver.
We released your identity
to news agencies an hour ago.
I wanna talk to my dad.
You need to talk to me first.
Caroline?
Hi. Daddy.
Are you okay?
I'm okay. I'm okay. I'm okay.
-Caroline. listen.
-I'm so sorry.
-Stop. Listen to me.
You need to find a police
station and turn yourself in
before someone else gets hurt.
You understand? You hear me?
I can't.
I'm not asking.
I'm telling you.
You gotta break away
from this guy.
You don't have any idea
what he's capable of.
That trooper's dead.
You gotta turn yourself in.
You hear me. Car? I don't want
anybody else to get hurt.
and I don't want you
to get shot. You hear me?
Caroline?
Caroline? Are you there?
Caroline...
Dispatch.
this is unit 18.
We're at county line 42.
roadblock in place. over.
Fuck.
Copy that.
Do you need assistance?
They have roadblocks up
everywhere.
Even the county roads
are too hot.
Hey.
What'd your dad say?
I just
wanted to hear his voice.
Listen. maybe. um...
Maybe you just don't call him
again for a little while. okay?
Mm-hmm.
Okay.
-Shit.
-Oliver?
Fuck. fuck.
We gotta dump this thing.
Okay.
Sorry.
Just hang here.
Hey.
Hey. don't look at that.
Look at me.
So what I think we should
do is just...
Just lay low. For a day or two.
Go get the car.
go get the money.
And then what?
And then we...
You know. we just take it
a step at a time.
We'll go get new IDs...
and then go
to Mexico. Thailand...
We'll just go somewhere where
they won't even look for us.
-What about France?
-Is that where you wanna go?
-You wanna go to France?
-Mm-hmm.
You told me 500 dates. Remember?
I reckon there's still
only a couple more.
Yeah. Let's go to France.
I'll go to France with you.
I'll go anywhere with you.
Jesus Christ.
How did we get here?
You walked into
my filling station.
♪ A heart on the run
keeps a hand on the gun ♪
♪ It can't trust anyone ♪
♪ I was so sure
what I needed was more ♪
♪ Tried to shoot out the sun ♪
♪ In days when we raged
We flew off the page ♪
♪ Such damage was done ♪
♪ So girl. leave your boots
by the bed ♪
♪ We ain't leavin' this room ♪
♪ Til someone needs medical help
or the magnolias bloom ♪
♪ It's cold in this house and I
ain't goin' out to chop wood ♪
♪ So cover me up
And know you're enough ♪
♪ To use me for good ♪
I love you. Carolina Caroline.
I love you too.
Don't do it!
Drop the gun or we'll shoot!
Bang.
Hey?
♪ Well. the name she gave
Was Caroline ♪
♪ The daughter of a miner ♪
♪ And her ways were free
And it seemed to me ♪
♪ That sunshine
walked beside her ♪
♪ She come from Spencer ♪
♪ Across the hill ♪
♪ She said her pa had sent her ♪
♪ 'Cause the coal was low ♪
♪ And soon the snow ♪
♪ Would turn the skies
to winter ♪
♪ Well. she said she'd come ♪
♪ To look for work ♪
♪ She was not seeking favors ♪
♪ For a dime a day ♪
♪ And a place to stay ♪
♪ She'd turn those hands
to labor ♪
♪ But the times
were hard. Lord. ♪
♪ And the jobs were few ♪
♪ All through Tecumseh valley ♪
♪ But she asked around ♪
♪ Till a job she found ♪
♪ Tending bar at Gypsy Sally's ♪
Now boarding
to Charleston. South Carolina.
now boarding.
Hello?
Now boarding
for Charleston. South Carolina.
-now boarding.
-Caroline?
Car. is that you?
Caroline?
Daddy. today's the day
I quit calling.
Caroline. are you...?
♪ Her pa had died ♪
♪ Where the word come down
from Spencer ♪
Federal investigators
stopped a series of buses
between Memphis
and Charleston. South Carolina
after what turned out
to be a false lead
in the pursuit
of Caroline Daniels.
Task force officer with the FBI
Waylon Jarvis justified the stop
as a necessary inconvenience
for the ongoing hunt for Daniels
and insisted the infamous
bank robber
would be brought to justice.
Daniels' accomplice.
35-year-old Oliver Anderson.
was shot and killed overnight
at a roadhouse in Walden
after a brief standoff
with law enforcement.
Coming up next. a sneak
peak at the Cobb County Fair
and we begin with breakdown
with Jeff Fairweather...
♪ Well. they found her down ♪
♪ Beneath the stairs ♪
rise Thursday night.
bringing with it a significant
-drop in temperatures.
-♪ That led to Gypsy Sally's ♪
♪ And in her hand
when she died ♪
♪ Was a note that cried ♪
♪ Fare thee well ♪
♪ Tecumseh valley ♪
♪ Well. the name she gave
Was Caroline ♪
♪ The daughter of a miner ♪
♪ And her ways were free ♪
♪ And it seemed to me ♪
♪ That sunshine
walked beside her ♪
Okay. you have
a great flight. sir.
Next in line.
Right here. sweetie.
And how can I help you today?
I'm gonna need a ticket
to Quito. Ecuador.
Okay. and when would
you like to leave?
As soon as possible.
-Okay. Round trip?
-One way.
One way?
Yes ma'am.
One way.
Okay. I have a flight
leaving to Quito this evening.
-Ma'am?
-You know.
I'm so sorry. You just got
a little something. Do you mind?
-Oh no.
-If I...
-Please.
-There. I got it.
-Thank you.
-You're so sweet.
Okay. A flight to Quito
leaving at 8:15.
-Perfect.
-Okay.
And how would you like to pay?
-Uh. cash.
-All righty. That'll be $552.
Out of six.
These are nice bills.
Okay. uh. 53. 54. 55.
60. 80. and 600.
Anything else
I can help you with today?
Excuse me. ma'am.
Is everything okay?
I'm sorry. You know what?
I'm gonna need the larger bill.
♪ If she brings you happiness ♪
♪ Well. then I wish you
both the best ♪
♪ It's your happiness
that matters most of all ♪
♪ But if she ever breaks
your heart ♪
♪ If the teardrops ever start ♪
♪ I'll be there before
the next teardrop falls ♪
♪ Oh. though it hurts
to let you go ♪
♪ Darling. I want you to know ♪
♪ That I'll stand by you
if you ever call ♪
♪ And if I should ever hear ♪
♪ That she's made you
shed a tear ♪
♪ I'll be there before
the next teardrop falls ♪
♪ Oh. I'll be there before
♪ Don't tell me
about your fame ♪
♪ And your treasures
by their name ♪
♪ I must tell you
from the start ♪
♪ Of the pleasure in my heart ♪
♪ I've been calling
to the ocean ♪
♪ From a cold and windy shore ♪
♪ But I never ♪
♪ No. I never ♪
♪ Heard it calling
Carolina before ♪
♪ I heard the ocean
calling your name ♪
♪ Carolina Caroline ♪
♪ I never will be the same ♪
♪ Don't tell me
about your home ♪
♪ And your silver brush
and comb ♪
♪ I must take you by your hand ♪
♪ And show to you this land ♪
♪ But this old wagon
She's no carriage ♪
♪ With her six golden horses
in hand ♪
♪ But we can listen ♪
♪ We can listen ♪
♪ To Caroline upon the sand ♪
♪ I heard the ocean
calling your name ♪
♪ Carolina Caroline ♪
♪ I know that's
the reason you came ♪
♪ Carolina Caroline ♪
♪ But this old wagon
She's no carriage ♪
♪ With her six golden horses
in hand ♪
♪ But we can listen ♪
♪ We can listen ♪
♪ To Caroline upon the sand ♪
♪ I heard the ocean
calling your name ♪
♪ Carolina Caroline ♪
♪ I never will be the same ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org